culprits property taxes have
spiked during his worst trapping
season on record a coil
plantation looking to get rid of
predatory coyotes is his chance
to score some high-priced belts
it's a win-win situation because
they get rid of their counts
so they can have more coil and I
get the first that i can sail to
make money
it can be really difficult to
try out
i'm looking for a child tracks
takes a variety and techniques
to catch up
look we've got some dropping
animal droppings and eating
rabbit probably medium-sized
county now I need to set traps
on this regularly travel trail
yeah
coyote love deer meat but this
dear maid is about two months
old
start to stink a little bit well
they'll smell that a long way
off
the other thing that helps a lot
there's a little bit of kind of
P you think another kind of came
by and he'll check it out
you'll see a man who was here
front Paul will step on that
trap and i'll have him
when is it looks pretty good but
I've got to put out a couple
more